preparing 2.3 release and several updates to outdated images (#123)
KaotoIO/kaoto.io: content/blog/kaoto-2.3-release/index.md

---
title: Kaoto 2.3 released
date: 2024-11-11T00:00:00+06:00
summary: Kaoto 2.3 is available. Check out the new Data Mapper Tech Preview!
authors:
  - admin
tags:
  - Kaoto
  - Release
  - Kaoto 2.3
---
## What's new?

> For this release, we again focused on enhancing the usability and the look and feel of the graphical editor. Additionally we also added several new features which will enhance your experience with Kaoto. This release also ships with [Apache Camel 4.8.1](https://camel.apache.org/blog/2024/10/RELEASE-4.8.1/) support and as a highlight we announce the availability of a **visual data mapping** editor as tech preview. We will continue improving the data mapper over the next months, so expect new things to come in this area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this release, we again focused on enhancing the usability and look and feel of the graphical editor. Additionally, we added several new features that will enhance your experience with Kaoto. This release also ships with [Apache Camel 4.8.1](https://camel.apache.org/blog/2024/10/RELEASE-4.8.1/) support, and as a highlight, we announced the availability of the **Visual data mapping** editor as a tech preview. We will continue improving the data mapper over the next months, so expect new things to come in this area.
```

Reviewer: _Kaoto DataMapper_?

## Features & Improvements

* Apache Camel 4.8.1 support

> * Visual Data Mapper (tech preview)

Reviewer: Shouldn't this rather be _Kaoto DataMapper_?
